support Svelte (#393)
sverweij/dependency-cruiser: doc/faq.md

- which will be in your module dependencies if you're developing with Vue).

### Q: Does this work with Svelte as well?

**A**: Yes.

> For `.svelte` single file components it uses the `svelte2tsx`

Reviewer: During the ci-cleanup I noticed it also needs the svelte compiler, so `svelte` would be required to be present in the same node_modules tree as dependency-cruiser as well.

But I guess that's kind of a given when you're working on a svelte project (check)?

Author: Yep, https://github.com/sverweij/dependency-cruiser/pull/393#discussion_r523383294

> - you might have to install it as peer dependency `npm i -D svelte2tsx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you might have to install it as development dependency if you don't have it already: `npm i -D svelte2tsx`.
```

Author: no longer relevant due to https://github.com/sverweij/dependency-cruiser/pull/393#discussion_r523383294
